Expo Update Spec (#12461)
expo/expo: docs/pages/technical-specs/expo-updates-0.md

Example:
```
accept: application/expo+json, application/json
expo-platform: *
expo-runtime-version: *
```

## Manifest Response

A conformant server MUST return a response containing a [manifest body](#manifest-response-body) and [headers](#manifest-response-headers).

The choice of manifest and headers are dependent on the values of the request headers. A conformant server MUST:

* Respond with a manifest for the most recent update, ordered by creation time, satisfying all parameters and constraints imposed by the [request headers](#manifest-request). The server MAY use any properties of the request like its headers and source IP address to choose amongst several updates that all satisfy the request's constraints.

### Manifest Response Headers

```
expo-protocol-version: 0
expo-sfv-version: 0
expo-manifest-filters: &lt;expo-sfv&gt;
expo-server-defined-headers: &lt;expo-sfv&gt;
cache-control: *
content-type: *
```

* `expo-protocol-version` describes the version of the protocol defined in this spec and MUST be `0`.
* `expo-sfv-version`  MUST be `0`.

> * `expo-manifest-filters` is an [Expo SFV 0](expo-sfv-0.md) dictionary. It is used to filter updates stored by the client library by the `metadata` attribute found in the [manifest](#manifest-response-body). If a field is mentioned in the filter, the corresponding field in the metadata must either be missing or equal for the update to be included. The client library MUST store the manifest filters until it is overwritten by a newer response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `expo-manifest-filters` is an [Expo SFV](expo-sfv-0.md) dictionary. It is used to filter updates stored by the client library by the `metadata` attribute found in the [manifest](#manifest-response-body). If a field is mentioned in the filter, the corresponding field in the metadata must either be missing or equal for the update to be included. The client library MUST store the manifest filters until it is overwritten by a newer response.
```

* `expo-server-defined-headers` is an [Expo SFV](expo-sfv.md) dictionary. It defines headers that a client library MUST store until overwritten by a newer dictionary, and they MUST be included in every subsequent [manifest request](#manifest-request).
* `cache-control` - A value of `cache-control: private, max-age=0` is recommended to ensure the newest manifest is returned. Setting longer cache ages could result in stale updates.
* `content-type` MUST be determined by _proactive negotiation_ as defined in [RFC 7231](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-3.4.1). Since the client library is [required](#manifest-request) to send an `accept` header with each manifest request, this will always be either `application/expo+json`, `application/json`; otherwise the request would return a `406` error.

The manifest endpoint MUST also be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

```
cache-control: max-age=0, private
```

### Manifest Response Body

> The body of the response MUST be a manifest, which is defined as JSON conforming to both the following `Manifest` definition expressed in [typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and the detailed descriptions for each field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the response MUST be a manifest, which is defined as JSON conforming to both the following `Manifest` definition expressed in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and the detailed descriptions for each field:
```

```
export type Manifest = {
  id: string;
  createdAt: string;
  runtimeVersion: string;
  launchAsset: Asset;
  assets: Asset[];
  metadata: { [key: string]: string};
}

type Asset = {
  hash: string;
  key: string;
  contentType: string;
  url: string;
}
```

>   * `id` The ID MUST uniquely specify the manifest.
>   * `createdAt` The date and time created is essential as the client library selects the most recent update (subject to any constraints supplied by the `expo-manifest-filters` header). The datetime should be formatted according to [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)
>   * `runtimeVersion` Can be any string defined by the developer. It stipulates what native code setup is required to run the associated update.
>   * `launchAsset` A special asset that is the entry point of the application code.
>   * `assets` An array of assets used by the update bundle, such as JavaScript, pictures, and fonts. All assets (including the `launchAsset`) should be downloaded to disk before executing the the update, and a mapping of asset `key`s to locations on disk should be provided to application code.
>   * Details of the asset json:
>     * `hash` SHA-256 hash of the file to guarantee integrity.
>     * `key` Key used to reference this asset from the update's application code. This key, for example, may be generated by a separate build step that processes the application code, such as a bundler.
>     * `contentType` The MIME type of the file as defined by [RFC 2045](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045). e.g. `application/javascript`, `image/jpeg`.
>     * `url` Location at which the file may be fetched.
>   * `metadata` The metadata associated with an update. It is a string valued dictionary. The server MAY send back anything it wishes to be used for filtering the updates. The metadata MUST pass the filter defined in the accompanying `expo-manifest-filters` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `id`: The ID MUST uniquely specify the manifest.
  * `createdAt`: The date and time at which the update was created is essential as the client library selects the most recent update (subject to any constraints supplied by the `expo-manifest-filters` header). The datetime should be formatted according to [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601).
  * `runtimeVersion`: Can be any string defined by the developer. It stipulates what native code setup is required to run the associated update.
  * `launchAsset`: A special asset that is the entry point of the application code.
  * `assets`: An array of assets used by the update bundle, such as JavaScript, pictures, and fonts. All assets (including the `launchAsset`) should be downloaded to disk before executing the the update, and a mapping of asset `key`s to locations on disk should be provided to application code.
  * Properties of each asset object:
    * `hash`: SHA-256 hash of the file to guarantee integrity.
    * `key`: Key used to reference this asset from the update's application code. This key, for example, may be generated by a separate build step that processes the application code, such as a bundler.
    * `contentType`: The MIME type of the file as defined by [RFC 2045](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045). e.g. `application/javascript`, `image/jpeg`.
    * `url`: Location at which the file may be fetched.
  * `metadata`: The metadata associated with an update. It is a string-valued dictionary. The server MAY send back anything it wishes to be used for filtering the updates. The metadata MUST pass the filter defined in the accompanying `expo-manifest-filters` header.
```

Example:
```
accept: application/expo+json, application/json
expo-platform: string
expo-runtime-version: string
```

## Manifest Response

A conformant server MUST return a response containing a [manifest body](#manifest-response-body) and [headers](#manifest-response-headers).

The choice of manifest and headers are dependent on the values of the request headers. A conformant server MUST:

* Return a manifest that describes the most recent update ordered by creation time satisfying all constraints imposed by the [request headers](#manifest-request).

### Manifest Response Headers

```
expo-protocol-version: 0
expo-sfv-version: 0
expo-manifest-filters: &lt;expo-sfv&gt;
expo-server-defined-headers: &lt;expo-sfv&gt;
cache-control: &lt;*&gt;
content-type: &lt;*&gt;
```

* `expo-protocol-version` describes the version of the protocol defined in this spec and MUST be `0`.
* `expo-sfv-version`  MUST be `0`.

> * `expo-manifest-filters` is an [Expo SFV 0](expo-sfv-0.md) dictionary. It is used to filter updates stored by the client library by the `metadata` attribute found in the [manifest](#manifest-response-body). If a field is mentioned in the filter, the corresponding field in the metadata must either be missing or equal for it to pass. The client library MUST store the manifest filters until it is overwritten by a newer response.

Author: @esamelson can you confirm that this is the correct filtering process?

Reviewer 2: Yes, sounds correct to me!

* `cache-control` - A value of `cache-control: private, max-age=0` is recommended to ensure the newest manifest is returned. Setting longer cache ages could result in stale updates.
* `content-type` MUST be determined by _proactive negotiation_ as defined in [RFC 7231](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-3.4.1). Since the client library is [required](#manifest-request) to send an `accept` header with each manifest request, this will always be either `application/expo+json`, `application/json`, or a `406`.

The manifest endpoint MUST also be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

```
cache-control: max-age=0, private
```

### Manifest Response Body

The body of the response MUST be a manifest, which is defined as JSON conforming to the following structure:
```
{
  id: &lt;string&gt;
  createdAt: &lt;datetime&gt;
  runtimeVersion: &lt;string&gt;
  launchAsset: Asset
  assets: Asset[]
  metadata: { &lt;string&gt;:&lt;string&gt; }
}
```
_Asset_ is defined as JSON with the following structure:
```
{
  hash: &lt;string&gt;
  key: &lt;string&gt;
  contentType: &lt;string&gt;
  url: &lt;string&gt;
}

> ```

Author: Curious in general what the correct syntax to use here is. Made a best guess following some comments by @ide.

also `<` and `>` don't seem to display consistently when running locally so switch to `&lt;`,`&gt;`.

Reviewer: I think what's tricky is that there isn't a standard syntax for demonstrating types. We could use TypeScript as the closest match. What do you think?

The primary consumers of this spec are Expo Application Services and organizations that wish to manage their own update server to satisfy internal requirements.

## Manifest Request
A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request with the following headers:
```
accept: application/json
expo-platform: string
expo-runtime-version: string
```
along with any headers stipulated by a previous responses' [server defined headers](#headers):

* `expo-platform` MUST be platform type the client is running on: 
    * iOS MUST be `expo-platform: ios`
    * Android MUST be `expo-platform: android`
* `expo-runtime-version` MUST be the runtime version the client is running on.

A conformant client-library SHOULD also accept `application/expo+json` so that servers can easily tell when to send back an Expo manifest:
```
accept: application/expo+json, application/json
```

## Manifest Response

A conformant server MUST return a response containing a [manifest body](#body) and [headers](#headers).

The choice of manifest and headers are dependent on the values of the request headers. A conformant server MUST:

> * Return a manifest that describes the most recent update ordered by creation time satisfying all constraints imposed by the [request headers](#manifest-request).

Reviewer: One thing I realized is that a server can correctly respond with a manifest that satisfies the constraints but isn't the most recent. This happens during rollouts. If a client is assigned the older of the two updates in a rollout, that is valid. (I would argue that the rollout token is not a constraint, similar to how other fields that could be used for rollouts like IP address are not constraints.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Respond with a manifest for the most recent update, ordered by creation time, satisfying all parameters and constraints imposed by the [request headers](#manifest-request). The server MAY use any properties of the request like its headers and source IP address to choose amongst several updates that all satisfy the request's constraints.
```

---
title: Expo Updates
sidebar_title: Expo Updates
---

version 0

---

## Introduction

> This is the specification for Expo Updates, a protocol for delivering updates to apps running on multiple platforms.

Author: What should be the name of the protocol. Is it "Expo Updates", "Expo Update" or something else entirely?

Reviewer 3: I'd say "Expo Updates Protocol"

> This is the specification for Expo Updates, a protocol for delivering updates to apps running on multiple platforms.

Reviewer 4: More of a general question: Is Expo Updates specific to react-native? If so, it may be good to specify what an "update" is here. If not, we'll want to ensure this document is free from react-native terminology (bundler, JavaScript, etc).

### Conformance

> Conforming servers and client-library's must fulfill all normative requirements. Conformance requirements are described in this document by both descriptive assertions and key words with clearly defined meanings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Conforming servers and client-libraries must fulfill all normative requirements. Conformance requirements are described in this document by both descriptive assertions and key words with clearly defined meanings.
```
```suggestion
Conforming servers and client-library's must fulfill all normative requirements. Conformance requirements are described in this document by both descriptive assertions and key words with clearly defined meanings.
```

The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”, “REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”, and “OPTIONAL” in the normative portions of this document are to be interpreted as described in [IETF RFC 2119](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119). These key words may appear in lowercase and still retain their meaning unless explicitly declared as non‐normative.

A conforming implementation of this protocol may provide additional functionality, but must not where explicitly disallowed or would otherwise result in non‐conformance.

### Overview

An _update_ is defined as a [_manifest_](#manifest-response) together with the assets referenced inside the manifest.
Expo Updates is a protocol for delivering updates to apps running on multiple platforms.

> An app running a conformant Expo Updates client-library will fetch the most recent update from a conformant update server. If the client-library cannot fetch an update or if it already has the most recent update, the client-library will load the update saved in the client-library's cache.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
An app running a conformant Expo Updates client-library will fetch the most recent update from a conformant update server. If the client-library cannot fetch an update or if it already has the most recent update, the client-library will load an update saved in the client-library's cache.
```

Author: Hmm, I actually believe `the` is correct here, I can change it to `load the most recent update` if that is clearer?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that clarification is necessary for the parsing: `If the client library cannot fetch an update..., the client library will load [the most recent] update saved in the client library's cache.`

The following describes how a client-library will interact with a conforming updates server:
1. The client-library will make a [request](#request) for the most recent manifest. 

> 2. If it is a new manifest, the client-library will proceed to make requests to download and store the assets specified in the manifest.

Author: changing to 
`1. The client library will make a [request](#request) for the most recent manifest that satisfies constraints specified in the headers. `

3. Finally, the client-library will update its local state according to any metadata provided by the response [headers](#headers).

> We anticipate the primary user of this spec will be organizations who need to manage their own update server to satisfy internal requirements.

Author: Ah, old habit from math papers.

## Manifest Request
A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request with the following headers:
```
accept: application/json
expo-platform: string
expo-runtime-version: string
```
along with any headers stipulated by a previous responses' [server defined headers](#headers):

* `expo-platform` MUST be platform type the client is running on: 
    * iOS MUST be `expo-platform: ios`

>     * Android MUST be `expo-platform: android`

Author: if it is not one of these platforms it SHOULD return a 400 or a 404

> * `expo-runtime-version` MUST be the runtime version the client is running on.

Reviewer 4: It may be worth expanding upon what a runtime version is and how it is expected to be specified by a client implementation.

> A conformant client-library SHOULD also accept `application/expo+json` so that servers can easily tell when to send back an Expo manifest:

Reviewer 3: Im not sure what this line means. I'm reading this as "An app running expo-updates should be able to receive a response from a server with content-type `application/expo+json` so that .. servers can tell .. the app running expo-updates? to .. hmm"

Is this suppose to say "A conformant **server** SHOULD also ..."?

Reviewer: I think this sentence is saying a client should signal to the server that it accepts `application/expo+json` responses.

Perhaps the way to communicate this most clearly would be to change the section further above to say that a client should send `accept: application/expo+json, application/json` and may send just `accept: application/expo+json` or `accept: application/json` but that it's best to indicate that the client prefers an Expo manifest following the HTTP spec for the `accept` header: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-5.3.2

```
accept: application/expo+json, application/json
```

## Manifest Response

A conformant server MUST return a body containing a [manifest](#body) along with the [headers](#headers) specified below.

The choice of manifest and headers are dependent on the values of the request headers. A conformant server MUST:

* Return a manifest that describes an update capable of running on the platform and runtime version specified in the `expo-platform` and `expo-runtime-version` request headers. 
* Return a manifest that describes the most recent, sorted by creation time, update satisfying any constraints imposed by the headers.

> ### Headers

Author: Are you aware that this is displayed with this right hand sidebar?

<img width="1342" alt="Screen Shot 2021-05-06 at 8 58 32 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1220444/117329181-3cc01900-ae49-11eb-9823-a9ff83e6e91b.png">

Makes this naming feel a bit redundant.

> ### Headers

Author: actually, your suggestion makes more sense for the linking. changing.

```
expo-protocol-version: 0
expo-sfv-version: 0

> expo-manifest-filters: expo-sfv
> expo-server-defined-headers: expo-sfv
> cache-control: *
> content-type: application/json; charset=utf-8

Reviewer: one thing that's not clear is which values are literals and which are types

```suggestion
expo-manifest-filters: <expo-sfv>
expo-server-defined-headers: <expo-sfv>
cache-control: <*>
content-type: application/expo+json; charset=utf-8
```

also, if the client accepts `application/expo+json`, the server may want to be precise and respond with `application/expo+json`. the server should follow the http spec and send back a value compliant with the request's accept header or a 406 if applicable

```

* `expo-protocol-version` describes the version of the protocol defined in this spec and MUST be `0`.
* `expo-sfv-version`  MUST be `0`.
* `expo-manifest-filters` is an [Expo SFV 0](expo-sfv-0.md) dictionary. It is used to filter updates stored by the client-library by the `updateMetadata` attributes found in the [manifest](#body).
  * For example: `expo-manifest-filters: branchname="main"` instructs the client-library to load the most recent update it has stored whose `updateMetadata` contains:

  ```
  updateMetadata: {

>     branchname: 'main',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    branchName: "main",
```

must use double quotes

    ...
  }
  ```

>   * If the `branchname` manifest filter is included, it MUST equal the `branchName` in the `manifest.updateMetadata`.

Reviewer: the lowercasing is intentional because HTTP structured field values, which we use to define the manifest filters, allow only lowercase strings. that said we could benefit from explicitly noting the difference in cases here.

we wanted to keep branchName camelcased to be consistent with our JSON field naming

(also this is an implementation detail but I think `manifest.updateMetadata.bRaNcHnAmE` will match the manifest filters since expo-updates does a case-insensitive comparison. however other parts of the code might expect `branchName`)

* `expo-server-defined-headers` is an [Expo SFV](expo-sfv.md) dictionary. It defines headers that a client-library MUST store and include in every subsequent [manifest request](#manifest-request).

>   * For example, when rolling out an update, we require a client-library to send back a stable token: `expo-server-defined-headers: expo-rollout-token="token"`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, when rolling out an update, EAS requires a client-library to send back a stable token: `expo-server-defined-headers: expo-rollout-token="token"`. 
```

>   * For example, when rolling out an update, we require a client-library to send back a stable token: `expo-server-defined-headers: expo-rollout-token="token"`. 

Author: deleted

* `cache-control` We recommend `cache-control: private, max-age=0`. This allows ensures the newest manifest is returned. Setting longer cache ages could result in stale assets for users.

The manifest endpoint MUST also be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

```
cache-control: max-age=0, private
```

### Body

The body of the response MUST be a manifest. A manifest is defined as JSON conforming to the following description:

The response body is referred to as the manifest and MUST be a JSON with format:
```
{
  id: string
  createdAt: datetime
  runtimeVersion: string
  launchAsset: Asset
  assets: Asset[]
  updateMetadata: { [key: string]: number | string }
}
```

> Where an _Asset_ is the JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Asset_ is defined as JSON with the following structure:
```

```
{
  hash: string
  key: string
  contentType: string
  url: string
}
```
  * `id` The ID MUST uniquely specify the manifest.
  * `createdAt` The date and time created is essential as the client-library selects the most recent update (subject to any constraints supplied by the `expo-manifest-filters` header). The datetime should be formatted according to [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601)
  * `runtimeVersion` Can be any string defined by the developer. It stipulates what native code setup is required to run the associated JavaScript update bundle.

>   * `Asset` Provides information about an asset and where to obtain it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * `Asset` Provides information about an asset file.
```

>     * `hash` SHA256 hash of the file to guarantee integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `hash` SHA-256 hash of the file to guarantee integrity.
```

>     * `key` Key generated by the bundler and used to identify this asset.

Reviewer: Perhaps we could say:
```suggestion
    * `key` Key used to reference this asset from the update's application code. This key, for example, may be generated by a separate build step that processes the application code, such as a bundler.
```

>     * `contentType` The mime type of the asset as defined by [RFC 2045](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045). e.g. `application/javascript`, `image/jpeg`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    * `contentType` The mime type of the file as defined by [RFC 2045](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045). e.g. `application/javascript`, `image/jpeg`.
```

(since it is referred to as a "file" in the `hash` section)

Reviewer: mime -> MIME

>     * `url` Location where the asset is hosted.

Reviewer: where -> from which?

>   * `launchAsset` The asset that is used to launch the app.

Reviewer: Also indicate that this asset is the entry point of the application code.

  * `assets` An array of assets used by the update bundle, such as JavaScript, pictures, and fonts.

>   * `updateMetadata` The metadata associated with an update. This can be used for filtering the update (see the `branchname` example above) and also for the creation of more helpful errors. In particular, the server MAY send back the string valued `updateMetadata` keys:

Author: removed.

    * `branchName` used to sort updates into groups called _branches_.

>     * `updateGroup` used to group updates for different platforms that come from the same publish.

Author: So we don't want this in the spec proper since this is EAS specfic. However we also wanted to reserve the namespace, so the initial idea was to leave them in as an example to avoid potential conflicts.

It seems like we should just delete this all together.

>     * `updateGroup` used to group updates for different platforms that come from the same publish.

Reviewer 4: Could also just specify that `updateMetadata` is a key-value structure and MAY send back anything that was used for filtering depending on the server implementation.

### Errors

A conformant server SHOULD return 

>   * a `404` error if a manifest is not found.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * a `404` error if a manifest is not found matching the request constraints.
```

  * a `400` if the request is malformed.
  * a `405` if the request is not a GET.
  * a `500` if there is a server error.

> 

Reviewer: Also, the server should conform to standard response status codes: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6

## Asset Request

> A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request to the asset URL specified by the manifest. The client-library SHOULD include a header accepting the assets content type as specified in the manifest. Additionaly the client-library SHOULD specify the compression encoding the client-library is capable of handling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request to the asset URL specified by the manifest. The client-library SHOULD include a header accepting the asset's content type as specified in the manifest. Additionaly the client-library SHOULD specify the compression encoding the client-library is capable of handling.
```
```suggestion
A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request to the asset URL specified by the manifest. The client-library SHOULD include a header accepting the assets content type as specified in the manifest. Additionaly the client-library SHOULD specify the compression encoding the client-library is capable of handling.
```

> A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request to the asset URL specified by the manifest. The client-library SHOULD include a header accepting the asset's content type as specified in the manifest. Additionaly the client-library SHOULD specify the compression encoding the client-library is capable of handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conformant client-library MUST make a GET request to the asset URL specified by the manifest. The client-library SHOULD include a header accepting the asset's content type as specified in the manifest. Additionally, the client-library SHOULD specify the compression encoding the client-library is capable of handling.
```

Example headers:
```

> accept: image/jpeg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accept: image/jpeg, */*
```

accept-encoding: br, gzip
```

## Asset Response

> An asset hosted at a particular URL MUST NOT be changed. Client-library's with stale updates may still require old assets.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An asset hosted at a particular URL MUST NOT be changed. Client-libraries with stale updates may still require old assets.
```
```suggestion
An asset hosted at a particular URL MUST NOT be changed. Client-library's with stale updates may still require old assets.
```

### Headers

> The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the client's encoding request. The asset MUST include a content-type header set to the mime type of the asset defined in the manifest.

Reviewer 4: What is the error code if the server can't satisfy the client's encoding request? (since this is a `MUST`)

```suggestion
The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the client's encoding request. The asset MUST include a content-type header set to the mime type of the asset.
```

Reviewer: > The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the client's encoding request.

this wording sounds a bit awkward.

Also it sounds like the manifest defines the MIME types, but the server decides this

```suggestion
The asset MUST be encoded using a compression format that the client supports according to the request's `accept-encoding` header. The server MAY serve uncompressed assets. The response MUST include a `content-type` header with the MIME type of the asset.
```

> The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the clients encoding request. The asset MUST be include a content-type header set to the mime type of the asset defined in the manifest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the client's encoding request. The asset MUST include a content-type header set to the mime type of the asset defined in the manifest.
```
```suggestion
The asset MUST be served with an asset compressed in compliance with the clients encoding request. The asset MUST be include a content-type header set to the mime type of the asset defined in the manifest.
```

For example:
```
content-encoding: br
content-type: application/javascript
```

> The asset endpoints MUST be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

Reviewer 4: Actually, why is this the case? If assets are immutable as specified above shouldn't the cache control be a long duration?

> The asset endpoints MUST be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

Reviewer: This might have been copied over from the manifest endpoint section above, where it's ideal for manifests to be fresh.

As for immutability, you're right about that. For now, I wonder if it's best to say:
```suggestion
An asset is RECOMMENDED to be served with a `cache-control` header set to a long duration as an asset located at a given URL must not change. For example:

cache-control: public, max-age=31536000, immutable
```

> The asset endpoints MUST be served with a `cache-control` header set to an appropriately short period of time. For example:

Author: Yes, great catch!

```
cache-control: max-age=0, private
```

### Compression

> Assets SHOULD be capable being served with [gzip](https://www.gnu.org/software/gzip/) and [brotli](https://github.com/google/brotli) compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets SHOULD be capable being served with [Gzip](https://www.gnu.org/software/gzip/) and [Brotli](https://github.com/google/brotli) compression.
```

### Errors

A conformant server SHOULD return 
  * a `404` error if a manifest is not found.
  * a `400` if the request is malformed.
  * a `405` if the request is not a GET.
  * a `500` if there is a server error.

> 

Reviewer: This was covered above, no? Also, servers should follow the HTTP spec and then follow this more precise guidance.
